1. Add files in remote repo and in local repo, then sync
2. learn to undo the 3 commands required to push
3. What happens when we have 2 commits and we try to push? Discuss in detail
4. How floating point number is stored in memory?   IEEE standards, which uses a combination of sign, exponent, and mantissa (or significand) to represent the value
5. Find out why there are no ++ and -- operators in python?   Python emphasizes explicit and readable code. While ++i or i++ might be concise, i += 1 or i = i + 1 is considered more explicit and easier to understand
6. Check if year is leap year
7. Check if a +ve integer is Perfect square
8. Find smallest of 3 distinct numbers
9. Farmer Problem
10. Taxation problem.



Check from which of the Python module the following functions come from.
range()
input()
print()
len()
min()
max()
sorted()
---Built-in functions in Python, meaning they are available without needing to import any specific module. 


Problems:
1. Find smallest and biggest elements in an list of n numbers.
2. Find the frequency an element in a list of n elements.
3. Remove the duplicates in a list of size n
4. Given a number, find very next possible bigger number that has all the digits of the given number.
5. Accpet a number from the user (4 digit number where a digit can repeat at most 2 times )and print the coutn of recursions reqired to arrive at Karpekar's Constant.


Recursive Problems:
1. Find Factorial of a number
2. Print N Fibo terms with 1 and 2 as 1st 2 terms.
3. Find sum of list elements


Assignments on Loops
1. Find biggest digit in a number
2. Find 2nd smallest digit in a number
3. Count number of Prime digits in a number
4. Print the Prime numbers in decreasing order between m and n (m < n)
5. Find the Nth Fibo (HemaChandra) term. Assume 1st 2 terms are 1 and 2
6. Find sum of the series n - n2/3 + n4/5 - n8/7 .... m terms (1<=n<=4 and 2<=m<=10)
7. Print the following shapes by accepting number of lines
A. Right-Angled Triangle
B. Equilateral Triangle
C. Hollow Square
D. Hallow Rhombus
E. Pascal's Triangle
F. X shape
G. X shape inside hollow Square with 0 at middle/center
H. Benzene Ring (C6H6) Hexagon
8. Find sum of the Even placed digits in the given number.
9. Find sum of the Odd placed Even digits in the given number.

IMPORTANT SOURCES OF LEARNING:
1. Official Documentation (java: oracle docs, Front-End: Dev.mozilla, PythonL Python docs, C/C++: MSDN or IBM)
2. YouTube: MIT Open University, Stanford
3. Certification: NPTEL, Company Certification (AWS, GCP, Java-1Z0830, PythonInstitute.org PCAP, PCEP, PCED)
CDAC is the best
--------------------
1. Which modules(s) are automatically loaded/imported by python interpreter  builtins(print, len, int) and sys
2. In which module does print(), input(), len() functions come from?  built-in functions



WEEK2:
Solid principles
Design principles
learn methods of strings and list


1. Name the Ultimate Parent class in Python (And its important methods and members)
2. What are the double underscore methods (functions)
3. How to define explicitly the main function in Python
4. Try to know as many methods of list and str classes as possible.
5. Why the command line Args are stored in a list and why not in tuple?
6. What is Pythonic and pep3 ?

DSA
1. Implement Binary search using Recursion
2. Print N terms of Fibo series using Recursion
3. Find Sum of digits of a number using Recursion
4. Optimized selection sort
5. Derive the efficiency of Quick Sort for Best Case
6. Find out, how we can create read only variable in Python



Implement Stack using list, insert and delete from rear of the list
Implement Stack using list, insert and delete from front of the list
Implement Queue using list, insert at rear delete from front the list
Implement Queue using list, insert front, delete from rear of the list


How inheritance is technically implemented?
Why a constructor cannot be final abstract and static?
Why main() is public static and void?
Explain runtime polymorphism (method over-riding).
What is collection and explain its use and memory mapping?

Can we optimize Selection Sort the way we did with Bubble sort and thus bring the BCE of Selection sort from O(n2) to O(n)


Python-Mysql, Python-Mongo
Linked Lists (Stack and Queue Implementation)
Merge Sort Implementation and Derivation of efficiency
Trees, BST, AVL Tree
Bucket Sort, Radix Sort, Heap Sort
FLask-MySQL/Mongo
NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlip and seaborn
Project (Hackathon ???)