HACKATHON PROBLEMS:

1. Car wash App
sales:
	{id, cust_id, date, service_id, date} Optional
	id, customer, service, date, amount
	
	a. the month when we can bring in discounts
	b. the month when we can bring surcharge
	c. give a coupon to the valuable customer who did not turn up since over 2 months
	d. display the monthly sales of a year
	e. divide the day into 4 parts and display the sales using pie chart
	
2. Kanti Sweets
inventory:
	sweet_id,
	
	a. Which sweet sells more in a specific month
	b. when the company revenues are highest during the year
	c. Yearly sales data comparision
	d. which sweet was wasted the most (sold less)
	
3. Kings coffee
	types of coffee available
	sources to buy coffee seeds
	
	a. From the past years of data    of buying seeds and the sales, help the cooffee shop to analyse and infer the best cofee seeds supplier.
	b. Compare the sales of instant coffee and filter coffee
	c. With the customer feedback, help the cooffee shop owner to know if water quantity should be reduced or increased. 
	d. With the sales data help the owner to compare the sales of coffee with sugar, jagaury and sugar free.
	
4. Amount of Food being wasted in College Hostels
(Food wastage management system)
	The amount of food prepared
	Amount of food consumed
	Help how the food wastage can be brought down
	How data can help Students who take food on plates but waste them
	How the food being thrown can be redirected to other places
	
5. How Bengaluru Traffic can be de-congested with help of Data Analytics (Traffic Management system)

6. Normal Delivery Percentage vs C-section Devliveries
	Which part of the country has more C-section deliveries
	Which hospitals have more C-Section deliveries
	Does C-section deliveries and seasons have any relation?
	What percentage of 2nd child birth has normal delivery when when 1st devilery was by C-section

7. Data Analytics on engineering students optiing the branches
	Which branch has more possibility of growth
	which branch has currently the least demand
	which branch has currently the highest demand
	which branch is morely likely to go down in demand

8. Analize the data of Indian Airlines and bring out the following: (DATA ANALYTICS ON INDIGO BUSINESS MODEL)
	1. Top 3 sectors
	2. Which sector in future will see more demand
	3. Which airline is more likely to grow by market share

9. How Indigo Airlines are coming uo with the new routes? What data and what data analysis id helping them to arrive at the introduction of the new routes?